discovery: add support for gathering flavor name in Openstack discovery (#14312)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

  # How frequently to evaluate rules.
  [ evaluation_interval: <duration> | default = 1m ]

>                         

Author: I removed. It is my vscode configuration that does this format on save.

But I will open another MR soon for adding markdown linting tests.

The following meta labels are available on targets during [relabeling](#relabel_config):

* `__meta_openstack_address_pool`: the pool of the private IP.

> * `__meta_openstack_instance_flavor`: the flavor Name or flavor ID of the OpenStack instance (flavor Name takes precedence over ID).

Reviewer: I don't think we can talk about precedence in here as the two attributes are mutually exclusive.

```suggestion
* `__meta_openstack_instance_flavor`: the flavor name or flavor ID of the OpenStack instance, whichever is available
```

The following meta labels are available on targets during [relabeling](#relabel_config):

* `__meta_openstack_address_pool`: the pool of the private IP.

> * `__meta_openstack_instance_flavor`: the flavor name or flavor ID of the OpenStack instance, whichever is available.

Reviewer 2: not sure how we make it more explicit that the flavor name is preferred over flavor id. 
```suggestion
* `__meta_openstack_instance_flavor`: the flavor name of the OpenStack instance, or the flavor ID if the flavor name isn't available.
```

Author: For me that's ok.

Changes committed ✅

Reviewer: Actually there is no preference, API before 2.47 only returned the flavor ID and the API after 2.47 only return the flavor name, they're mutually exclusive.
But ok for the wording.
